ROX-29040: Revisions to declarative config (#95383)
openshift/openshift-docs: configuration/using-rhacs-with-gitops.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="using-rhacs-with-gitops"]
= Using RHACS with GitOps
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: using-rhacs-with-gitops

toc::[]

> You can configure key {product-title-short} attributes using GitOps workflows by storing the values as code and applying them to {product-title-short} declaratively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure key {product-title-short} attributes that use GitOps workflows by storing the values as code and applying them to {product-title-short} declaratively.
```
or?
```suggestion
You can configure key {product-title-short} attributes by using GitOps workflows by storing the values as code and applying them to {product-title-short} declaratively.
```
